we need the key based on the author
old
before this took the kind of step out
curse seat belts
full speed devils please one
patrol
louis not kill them
and today we are going to kill ourselves
do not
I will not lose it
hell I was furious and I decided
chase the guy as I remember now
and it was not a good decision
those who stop that imbecile lifts
dust so we do not see it
watch what
curse louis
sonia attends
hello sonia that happens tracks the audi
louis and ronny chase the owner tell me
where is it and if I'm around I'll make you
call the civil police is where I am
please where I speak fast parade is
where I'm wide open
Carlos the team has problems
I need to be saved
goodbye
and heck, he almost falls down the slope
If you take that route with you and goodbye and
He spoke is faster
what it does
win them although there are times that we have
trash
you alone the car now in the car to
prison awaiting hold expectation sale
something comes out the car type of man you
Devil
rays and look what the hell does
out there out there do have trash
in the car made of the damn car
demons expect thick guys or devil
covers terrorism
no more
and I open nuns those damn broths
wait wait wait friends
son of a bitch take this now
the weapon the agent's weapon
what the hell happened
they shot us that all who come
bring the here we protected our
client curse people catch
seizure still then you're fine you
you would come back and they will feel it
official
I called you wait there do not I
misguided leader I was relieved to arrive
the police says they have a protocol
but I was injured and ronny was
scared with they had to go to the
music has papers and so I have in the
truck and samples the operator this is
legal
calm I will kill
and friend listen
Carlos we live our differences but
I owe you one you saved my life already
I apologized and I did not want to hear you
wrong now but understand that I had
taken the worst part of my life and
I want us to be friends, sorry
what I said you saved me come thanks
thank you
you are a hero now let's return friends you
you feel good in the chest but I can
walking I'm also very sure you're
injured
I am well official well
Of course, everything Carlos did was a
madness we were not in trouble and then
for us if it saved our lives
to